#**TaskPro - React and Node.js Web Application**

##**Motivation**

Our motivation for creating TaskPro was to simplify task and project management
for individuals and teams. We wanted to provide a user-friendly and efficient
platform that would help users organize their work, set priorities, and meet
deadlines with ease.

##**Problem-Solving**

TaskPro addresses the common challenge of task organization and project
management. Many existing solutions are either too complex for simple tasks or
lack the necessary features for comprehensive project management. TaskPro offers
a balanced approach, making it suitable for both personal and team use.

##**Key Features**

- User Registration and Authentication: Users can create accounts and log in
  securely to access their profiles.

- Board Creation: Users can create customizable boards for different projects or
  areas of work.

- Column Management: Each board can have multiple columns to represent workflow
  stages or categories.

- Task Cards: Users can add task cards to columns, including task names,
  descriptions, priorities, and deadlines.

- Deadline Notifications: TaskPro sends timely reminders as the deadline for a
  task approaches.

- Responsive Design: TaskPro is optimized for various screen sizes, ensuring a
  seamless user experience across devices.

##**What We Learned**

During the development of TaskPro, we learned valuable lessons in both front-end
and back-end technologies. We gained insights into React for building dynamic
and responsive user interfaces and Node.js for creating a robust and efficient
backend. Additionally, we explored user authentication and real-time
notifications to enhance the user experience.

##**What Sets Us Apart**

TaskPro distinguishes itself from other task and project management tools
through its user-friendly interface and comprehensive feature set. Our focus on
simplicity without sacrificing functionality makes TaskPro accessible to both
individuals and teams of all sizes. The real-time deadline notifications and
seamless cross-device experience further set TaskPro apart from the competition.

##**Get Started**

To get started with TaskPro, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine.
2. Install the necessary dependencies for both the front end and backend.
3. Configure your environment variables for authentication and database access.
4. Run the application on your local server.

For more detailed instructions, please refer to the project's documentation.

##**Contributors**

- Ivan Korniienko - Frontend Developer (Team Lead Frontend)

- Yurii Soroka - Frontend Developer

- Pylypenko Pavlo - Frontend Developer

- Pavlo Bakmaiev - Frontend Developer

- Oleksandr Tsymbaliuk - Frontend Developer

- Vasyl Myroniuk - Frontend Developer

- Oleh Syvonenko - Frontend Developer

- Vitalii Sydorenko - Frontend Developer

- Savelii Helzhynskyi - Frontend Developer

- Yelyzaveta Diachenko - Frontend Developer

- Oleksandr Neverov - Backend Developer (Team Lead Backend)

- Oleh Bilous - Backend Developer

##**Contact Us**

If you have any questions, suggestions, or feedback, please don't hesitate to
reach out to us at [korvan17@gmail.com]. Thank you for choosing TaskPro for your
task and project management needs! We hope it helps you stay organized and
productive.
